
Python Application: Age, Test Score, Party Winner

This Python application demonstrates the use of conditional statements (if, elif, and else) to make decisions based on user input. The program interacts with the user in the following scenarios:

Age Verification: Checks if the user is eligible to use the application based on their age.

Test Score Evaluation: Assigns a grade based on the user's input score.

Party Winner Check: Determines if the user is the winner based on a specific chair number.

Birthday Celebration: Makes a congratulatory statement depending on the user's birth date input.

Code Explanation

print("Welcome To My Application") age = int(input("How old are you?\n")) if age >= 18: print("Very Good You Are Eligible to use this App") else: print("Sorry, You are Not Eligible to use this App") 

This section checks if the user is 18 or older and informs them whether they are eligible to use the app.

print("Welcome to test score Application") score = float(input("Please Enter your score\n")) if score >= 90: print("Congratulations You got A Grade!") elif score >= 75: print("You got B Grade! Keep Working") elif score >= 50: print("You got C Grade! You need to work hard") else: print("Sorry you got F Grade! Please Try Again") 

Here, the user’s score is evaluated, and a grade is assigned based on the score.

print("Welcome to our party") chair_number = int(input("Please What is your Chair number?\n")) if chair_number == 49: print("Congratulations you are the Winner Today") else: print("Sorry, Try again next party") 

This section checks if the user has the winning chair number (49) and informs them accordingly.

birthday = int(input("Enter your day of birth\n")) if birthday != 18: print("Congratulations") else: print("Sorry") 

Lastly, this part checks if the user's birthday is not the 18th day of the month and prints a corresponding message.

How to Run

Clone or download the repository.

Open the Python file in your preferred IDE or text editor.

Run the file and follow the prompts.

Feel free to copy and paste this README into your repository. Let me know if you need any changes!
